hello welcome talk Donald how may I help
you yes I know you're dumb
walk flurry sure but instead of the
topping can I get the hot fudge sauce on
the bottom uh boss if the customer wants
sauce to charge him nah man don't charge
it's fine it's Charlie don't turn them
it's fine
doh oh and if it's not too much trouble
can I get strawberry sauce on top and
some fries some small fries too yeah
sure your total comes out to 618 oh but
I only have five dollars yeah you can
get rid of the fries oh that peasant
charged me the sixty cents for the sauce
when his boss says pacifically told them
not to why am i hanging out with you two
again oh and it didn't ask for my sauces
swirled can't you do one thing right
walk Donald hmm so are you like a
marshmallow
no a gummy no a cream no I'm not a food
well then get off the table we're not
living in a barn we're living in a
mansion
all right everyone time for your next
challenge and today's challenge
this Soul Eater team Sega was like 2
pairs to participate in this challenge
and T Nintendo will select one she'll to
participate it seems unfair but it'll
make sense later but before we can start
anything T Nintendo must vote for a new
team captain come on guys with Mario
gone there's no way we can lose as the
only other Mario character here I say we
put I can charge since he's the one who
took down the douchebag don't worry guys
with me as your leader I'll turn things
around for the better so Sonic who did
you pick for my team
it'll be jetting wave and silver and
blaze and as for you like as much as I
hate to say it it's gonna be me wolf and
Marth why are we wearing massive amounts
of purple and grey with awkward holes
shooting our skin or so how come you
don't have to win a costume 8 purple and
grey love best colors B these are my
belly hair clothes what do you mean
bounty hunting all right now today's
challenge is to kill all the other non
participating members from the opposite
team since Sega has more targets they
get to parents and to make things fair
wolf gets these two weapons so wouldn't
we begin right now
hurry change into your weapon before
they can counter-attack we've got a
better idea
oh you how could you leave me
like this without your world when you
roughed me accordin to go on I'll never
forgive myself race all right let's move
on to the others so are you gonna
perform some yaoi - boy don't see me -
guys for that you mean your partner
isn't a guy yeah you - that's peanuts
how they have boobs and they're far
bigger than yours Oh smart job using
your powers to stop them now quickly
turn into my sight you got it
great job please be sure make a great
team don't talk to me like we're equals
it wasn't and I can't believe I was
starting to see her as a friend
all right let's tell you up those scores
sonic we have five team members left for
some reason wolf Ike and Marth can only
get our girls and Ike why is only Zelda
alive I couldn't bring it on bond myself
to kill a princess who stands tall like
myself and it's not like we had any help
from these two stupid pageants well it's
clear that Sega wins today and now it's
time to reveal the bottom two who will
fight in the bro world
wolf the ladies from here inspire
couldn't bear to lose Marvin Ike's yella
so they blame you for making them lose
also concerning the ladies opinions
they're also tired of your constant
harassment King Dedede
now let's brawl congratulations wolf you
stay another night that I can't say the
same for you teen DDD sorry figure out
anything else you want to say I can't
leave without getting any game kuzu
bossy girl Juvenal hall she song I wanna
be
he calls them equals there